README.md, before:

# ![NNTP Icon](http://i.imgur.com/MuaXyc8.png) New New Tab Page

A minimal new tab page for Google Chrome

![NNTP screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/Ms0H1Qj.png)

## Features

+ **Custom app icons**

+ **Facebook integration**

+ **Custom background**

+ **Widgets**

+ **App launcher**

+ **Bookmarks, top sites and recently closed**

+ a few other things you might like

## Download

[**Chrome Web Store**](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/new-new-tab-page/nndegnhfodohkemfnmalamgebofbgjcc)

[**Source (.zip)**](https://github.com/z-------------/New-New-Tab-Page/archive/master.zip)

Instructions for source installation -> [How does one install an extension for Chrome browser from the local file system? - Super User](http://superuser.com/a/247654)

## Credits

+ [Made by **Zack Guard**](http://zacharyguard.co.nf)

+ [Sortable by **rubaxa**](http://rubaxa.github.io/Sortable/)

+ [Roboto font by **Christian Robertson/Google**](http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Roboto)

+ [Material design icons by **Google**](https://google.github.io/material-design-icons/)

+ Kanchenjunga photos by **Peter**

Commit message:

Update README with installation instructions

README.md, after:

# ![NNTP Icon](http://i.imgur.com/MuaXyc8.png) New New Tab Page

A minimal new tab page for Google Chrome

![NNTP screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/Ms0H1Qj.png)

## Features

+ **Custom app icons**

+ **Facebook integration**

+ **Custom background**

+ **Widgets**

+ **App launcher**

+ **Bookmarks, top sites and recently closed**

+ a few other things you might like

## Download

[**Chrome Web Store**](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/new-new-tab-page/nndegnhfodohkemfnmalamgebofbgjcc)

[**Source (.zip)**](https://github.com/z-------------/New-New-Tab-Page/archive/master.zip)

### How to install from source

1. Go to `chrome://extensions`
2. Tick "developer mode" and click "load unpacked extension"
3. Choose folder
4. New New Tab Page should now be installed

## Credits

+ [Made by **Zack Guard**](http://zacharyguard.co.nf)

+ [Sortable by **rubaxa**](http://rubaxa.github.io/Sortable/)

+ [Roboto font by **Christian Robertson/Google**](http://www.google.com/fonts/specimen/Roboto)

+ [Material design icons by **Google**](https://google.github.io/material-design-icons/)

+ Kanchenjunga photos by **Peter**
